welcome/credits.md, before:

---
description: A page to honor those that have put time into this community project.
---

# Credits

### Research and Documentation:

Thank to these awesome community members that put time and effort into creating an entire wiki and helping others about Modding.&#x20;

|   People   |        Their Work        |
| :--------: | :----------------------: |
| SenorGoose |   Wiki Editor, Founder   |
|    E3VL    |     Wiki Editor, Help    |
|    H0L0    | Wiki Editor, Ideas, Help |

### Secondary Information:

People that have provided separate but useful information or help without official documentation.

|   People   |              Where?             |
| :--------: | :-----------------------------: |
|   Catbug   |             NoSkill             |
|   Strykus  | Titanfall 2 Weapon Skin Modding |
|    Wanty   |             NoSkill             |
|    Alice   | Titanfall 2 Weapon Skin Modding |
|    lexvi   | Titanfall 2 Weapon Skin Modding |
| DirectXeon |             NoSkill             |
|  Bigspice  | Titanfall 2 Weapon Skin Modding |

#### The end but not final. Come help!

Commit message:

GitBook: [#40] updated readme explaining the purpose of the wiki

welcome/credits.md, after:

---
description: >-
  A page to honor those that have put time into this community project and where
  we found our information.
---

# Credits

### Research and Documentation:

Thank to these awesome community members that put time and effort into creating an entire wiki and helping others about Modding.&#x20;

|   People   |        Their Work        |
| :--------: | :----------------------: |
| SenorGoose |   Wiki Editor, Founder   |
|    E3VL    |     Wiki Editor, Help    |
|    H0L0    | Wiki Editor, Ideas, Help |

### References and Information:

|                   Name                  |                                                                   Link                                                                   |
| :-------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|             NoSkill Gitbook             |                             [https://noskill.gitbook.io/titanfall2/](https://noskill.gitbook.io/titanfall2/)                             |
| Titanfall 2 Skin Creation Group Gitbook | [https://titanfall-skin-group.gitbook.io/titanfall-2-skin-creation/](https://titanfall-skin-group.gitbook.io/titanfall-2-skin-creation/) |
|               ModdingDocs               |                      [https://r2northstar.readthedocs.io/en/latest/](https://r2northstar.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)                      |

#### The end but not finalized. Come help!
